liftoff of space shuttle Atlantis
mission to build resupply hello everyone
welcome to part 2 of my Mars to earth
flat landing tutorial today we're doing
is launching and our trans martes
injection burn so what that involves is
waiting till our liftoff time goes
completely down and executing our
autopilot by hitting e our auto pilot
will involve our us lifting off from the
Martian surface using our hoverjets make
sure your hydraulic press is on drelick
pressure alright 15 seconds to launch
and everything looks nominal now just
like last time you want to keep your EIN
down to the zero point zero or zero
point zero zero all right at two seconds
I will hit e2e alright that's about
perfect it doesn't really matter your
EIN will change dramatically pretty soon
which is no big deal at all at least it
normally does when I pitch up so you're
going to want to keep adjusting your
course by hitting four and six on your
number pad just like we did in our
ascent from Earth and yeah you want to
keep that I ein down to zero point zero
zero just by adjusting your pitch all
right now sorry you're young so I will
see you guys when I am finally in orbit
then I'll perform the trans earth
injection burn hey guys I've launched
and him in stable Earth orbit one thing
I would say that you should have done
while launching that I forgot to mention
is hit projection so it says self next
thing you want to do is go down to real
time and change that to pro great
exactly like last time hit mode and you
got your burn time which will be in
about a thousand seconds hepburn vector
and I'll help you out of it too fast
forward I think the reason ship drags
Yuri a left and right is because there's
some kind of weight in balance in the
ship it might be to do with that the
weight of each crew mate and where they
sit on the ship all right 100 seconds
left 80 and just like last time I don't
like the computer performing this burn
so I'm gonna switch to our CS rotational
and I'm going to orient the ship on my
own and I'm not going to burn or walk
you through the entire burn because as I
said the requirement for this tutorial
is that you previously so I'm just going
to start the burn with you guys like
last time and give you a little bit of a
reminder how it all works in case you've
forgotten which I hope you haven't and
we're going to perform this burn
together 250r we're going to perform the
beginning of the burn together almost
directly contradicted what I said
earlier all right 17 seconds left sorry
this tutorial I'm not going sorry say
sorry I'm actually a good thing this
tutorials all bunched up because I don't
why not to repeat everything I've said
before in 11 separate parts this
tutorial should take more like five or
six parts everything's just all bunched
together and engage and our burn time
has dropped significantly suddenly and I
will be back to all of you guys when I
am done with this burn alright guys just
like usual adjusting the burn time to
the very most perfect i can get it all
right and that's it for part two so as
you can see everything is a lot more
condensed now and we're going to get
through everything a lot faster so you
can re-enter the Earth's atmosphere and
learn exactly how I MFD can be used for
any interplanetary trip and it's all the
same except it can be a slightly
different from moon trips but you also
learned that in the Apollo tutorials so
see you next time i read a quicksave all
righty bye-bye